removal: contributors script (#1669)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: RELEASE.md

## Issue title: Release x.y.z

This issue will be used to coordinate the next release of the Helm chart according to the instructions in `RELEASE.md`. Below is a checklist for this release.

## Look through dependencies

> The JupyterHub Helm chart relies on many dependent projects, and when we make a release it is good to be updated about their status and what version we decide to couple the Helm chart release with. Below are the more important depdencies. Put a check on those that reach a state good enough for a z2jh release to be cut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JupyterHub Helm chart relies on many dependent projects, and when we make a release we should note major updates for these projects as well as the version that is specified in the Helm chart. Below are the more important dependencies. Put a check on those that reach a state good enough for a z2jh release to be cut.
```

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure what "state good enough for a z2jh release" means...do you have an idea for what that is getting at?
